Features to Implement to develop this Multiplayer card Game
1. Create functionalities for start game, play game, shuffle etc [This requires complete breakdown] - Done
2. Develop classes, functions to perform those actions - Done
3. Create Methods for all the classes to perform specific actions - Done
    1. For card class it should be shuffle, distribute cards methods - Done
    2. For player class it should be play, draw, details of the player - Done
    3. For game class it should be play, end methods - Done
4. Make the classes with proper arrangement of cards, suits, rank and action - Done
5. No of cards to distribute should be dynamic - Done
6. Make sure to display the results of the game at every step - Done
7. Mention the status of the drawPile and discardPile separately(if required) - Done
8. Error Handling at each step, Variable Convention, Readability - Working


Play Mode :
Automatic or Manual - Automatic - Done
Show suggestion on which card is matching - Not necessary in automatic card selection - Done


TODO
Take userinput for the player names - Done
No of turns, Game Stats at the end of the game - Done
Need to optimise the code
Need to improve the readability of the code - Done, still needs improvement
Need to improvise helper files - Done, will improvise more
Improvise the naming convention - Done
Add more clear and consice comments - Done, will improvise more
Breakdown the game play into more methods - Atomic breakdown done, will look into it if there is a requirement
If possible, need to add the manual game play - No need as of now
Handle the case when players*cards exceed 52 - Done
Need to add the unit tests for the cases - Working on it
Need to document the code and the useage - Working on it
Remove/comment all the console logs - Done, will remove rest of them at the end
Put semicolons - Will impovise code at the end

Is ther a need to create backend end points for the same? - Not necessary in the time span

Need to show the output of the match in more good way - Done, will work on it once rest of it is done
Change all looping variables - Working on it, will improvise


Can the person picking up the card play the immediate turn? - No, Done


Unit Tests : 
- Should shuffle the entire deck
- Test the distribute function, length of the deck post distribution
- Test the discard pile and deck lengths after every turn
- Test all the methods : deck, pile, createDiscardPile, createPlayers etc
- Test all the helper files : findMatch, nextPlayer(need extensive test cases)
- Break down and test all the action cards, if they are working properly or not